Is Han Yang still in seclusion?
Well, more talented than me
Tougher than me
What are you still alive for?
This month on the road
He practices during the day and practices at night
If it weren't for the fact that it hasn't yet reached the realm of inedia
You don't even have to eat.
Stop
I have met Elder Xu, I have met Elder Xu
Since you know that you are inferior to others everywhere
Don't hurry up
It's about to arrive in Zhongzhou City
It's getting late today
It's inconvenient to hurry
Let's go practice
So much for Zhang
Although you are a disciple of the Qing Dynasty
But he is the only disciple of the sect master
In the future, Yuan Men will also need you to take charge
Cows don't have to hold this ceremony
Thank you, Elder Xu
How many times is the ancient well on the moonlit night?
Seven times, haha.
This talent acts as a side celebration and Zhang Wuyou
Their talent far exceeds that of the old man
But
They met you.
Elder Xu
I don't mean to blame you.
I just lament that I was born in the same era as you
It's their luck
It's their misfortune too.
Senior Lao Miao
Forget it.
Let's not talk about that.
I will arrive in Zhongzhou City tomorrow.
Are you ready?
The disciple will live up to the expectations of Sect Chu and Elder Xu
It's good that you can have this heart